Dash agent/readme enhance (#43)
CommandDash/packages: dash_agent/README.md

# Dash Agent 

> Dash agent is a framework enabling you to create and publish agents in CommandDash marketplace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dash Agent is a framework enabling you to create and publish agents inside CommandDash marketplace. 
```

## Getting started

> You don't need to manually install the package. As the package comes pre-installed with the agent project that you can create using [dash-cli](). If it's not already activated. You can do so by running the following command in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a new dash agent using [dash-cli](https://pub.dev/packages/dash_cli) which automatically creates a starter project for you. 
```

```shell
dart pub global activate dash-cli
```

> Now, run the below shared command in the terminal once again:

Reviewer: After activating the CLI, run the command to create your agent project. 

Replace `{{agent}}` with the unique name of your agent.

> Now, run the below shared command in the terminal once again:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After activating the CLI, run the command to create your agent project. 

Replace `{{agent}}` with the unique name of your agent. 
```

```shell
dash-cli create {{agent}}
```

## Usage

This package contain the building blocks for creating dash agents:

### AgentConfiguration

> The main part of the framework that glues together your agent configuration is `AgentConfiguration`. It is the base class for creating agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main part of the framework that glues together your agent configuration is `AgentConfiguration`.
```

> Sample example of `AgentConfiguration` for demonstration purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample example of `AgentConfiguration`:
```

```dart
class MyAgent extends AgentConfiguration {
  final docsSource = DocsDataSource();

  @override
  List<DataSource> get registeredDataSources => [docsSource];

  @override
  List<Command> get registerSupportedCommands =>
      [AskCommand(docsSource: docsSource)];
}
```

> The above sample AgentConfiguration object taking data sources and supported commands. Both of them are explained below:
> 
> - `DataSource`: Data sources will enable you to pass on any form of data that your agent might need to perform its intended tasks.
> - `Command`: Commands are the specialised tasks you want your agents to perform (like understanding the developer query, refactoring, code generation, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above AgentConfiguration registers your data sources and supported commands.

- `DataSource`: Data sources enables you to provide any form of data that your agent might need to perform its intended tasks.
- `Command`: Commands are the specialised tasks you want your agents to perform (like answering developer's query, refactoring, code generation, etc).
```

Author: Foolish leaving words at time mistake of me!🤦‍♂️

### Datasource

As described above data sources lets you attach the data that your agent will need to perform its tasks. It can be anything from raw texts, json, files data, or even webpages.

> Sample example for DataSource for demostration purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example for DataSource:
```

```dart
class DocsDataSource extends DataSource {

>  /// Enables you to pass data stored in files and directories in you local system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 /// Enables you to provide data stored in files and directories in you local system.
```

 @override
 List<FileDataObject> get fileObjects => [
       FileDataObject.fromFile(File(
           'your_file_path')),
        FileDataObject.fromDirectory(Directory(
            'directory_path_to_data_source'))
     ];
 

>  /// Enables you to pass in raw string and json data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 /// Enables you to provide raw string and json data
```

 @override
 List<ProjectDataObject> get projectObjects =>
     [ProjectDataObject.fromText('Data in form of raw text')];

>  /// Enables you to pass web data your agent by passing web pages urls or sitemaps in the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 /// Enables your agent to use web pages by indexing specified web pages urls or sitemaps in the object.
```

  @override
 List<WebDataObject> get webObjects =>
     [WebDataObject.fromWebPage('https://sampleurl.com'), 
     WebDataObject.fromSiteMap('https://sampleurl.com/sitemap.xml')];
}
```

To create any data object, the easiest (and also the recommended way) is to call static functions of the above shared bases class of the object. For example if you want to store the json data. You can add the json data as shared below:

```dart
final yourJson = {'key': 'data'};
final jsonDataSource = ProjectDataSource.fromJson(yourJson);

> ```

Reviewer: This is better mentioned in the documentation. The above mentioned examples are suffice.

> **Note**: At the moment, storing pdf files is not supported out of the box. However you can extract the relevant data from the pdf using the open source tools and pass the extracted data either via project data object or system data object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: At the moment, storing only text based files like code, markdown or raw text is only supported.
```

Author: @samyakkkk, I mentioned the note this way because if they come across a path where they don't know how to share the data. They can keep this reference in mind as a way to deal with them since PDF is one of the prominent ways of data archiving. I used it as an example. But open to your thoughts as well. 

Please commit this as you seem fit post reading it!

Reviewer: @zexross I definitely think it's very thoughtful and should definitely be a part of the documentation. 

I just feel that at the readme level, it is not a must have piece of information.

### Commands

Commands are the specialised tasks you want your agents to perform  (such as refactoring, code generation, code analysis, etc). Once the agent will be published, user's can invoke this command in the commanddash client (such as VS Code extensions) and use them. 

Sample example for `Command` object is shared below:

```dart
class AskCommand extends Command {
  AskCommand({required this.docsSource});

  final DataSource docsSource;

  // Inputs
  final userQuery = StringInput('Your query');
  final codeAttachment = CodeInput('Code Attachment');

 // Outputs
 final matchingDocuments = MatchDocumentObject();

>  final queryOutput = QueryOutput();

Reviewer: The outputs should be defined and used within the scopes of `steps` only. 

This is our recommended practice since need of outputs is limited to the execution of steps.

Author: Sure thing. I will make the update

      ];
 
  /// Phrase that will be shown to user when the command is invoked
  @override
  String get textFieldLayout =>
      "Hi, I'm here to help you. $userQuery $codeAttachment";
}
```

One of important element of `Command` object are the series of steps that you will be passing that will help the command to execute its tasks by performing the mini-tasks required to be performed by the main task.

### Step

Currently supported steps that are avaiable for you leverage are shared below:

- `MatchDocumentStep` - Helps you find the matching document from the provided data source form `DataSource` objects.
- `WorkspaceQueryStep` - Helps you find the matching code snippets from the user's project.
- `PromptQueryStep` - Enables you to perform a request to the lllm model with your customised prompt and instruction from the user to perform get generated code or any other general reponse that can be either used for next steps or passed back to the user as the final response.
- `AppendToChatStep` - Enables you to append the reponse (anything like code, feedback, or general reponse) to the commanddash client chat box.

> - `ReplaceCodeStep` - This is experimental at the moment. This step will enable you to directly replace the user's selected code with the resulting output code from the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: @samyakkkk Can you please help me understand the reason behind recommending this update!

Reviewer: @zexross yes, it's not ready to be used by users (even experimentally) at this point. So best to not mention.

> - `ContinueDecisionStep` - This is also experimental at the moment. This step will help you in adding a conditional logic in your series of steps. While calling this step, if it outputs `false`. Then the further execution of steps will stop and command is considered executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In future more steps will be included in the list as the framework evolves.

## Additional information

> We welcome the flutter and AI enthusiasts likewise to contribute to this amazing open source framework. You can contribute this framework in following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome the Flutter and AI enthusiasts likewise to contribute to this amazing open source framework. You can contribute in following ways:
```
